hello this is my review of the Yamaha
YZF r1 to 540 model in anodized red and
I've owned this bike for about two
months now and it's my first ever bike
other than my pit bike that I wasn't
really cause that you know
yeah rolling a bike and yeah I've done
about one thousand and nine miles it's
been the best 1000 animals ever I love
it to bits easy to commute around town
gone like joy rides go to work on it
which is about 10 miles away not only
miles or maybe give or take you know but
yeah the mod I've done to it not a very
major this is Bob it's already mounted
customization basically this one is some
little bit every I'm safe it's not the
best job as you can see but looks all
right here on the front and back our
second model doing is external side
lights for the bike look pretty smart
there ain't cheap off ebay but yeah I
might get the X Inanna like headlights
here I mean because a bit dodgy were
there I can't say about her lusion
whatever it is all gonna bulbs in them
anyway once you feel like the roads
feels really good actually I can't
really compare it to another body
because I'm never any road another boat
my life but it's it feels solid feels
stuck to the road it's not really gonna
come down you know if I don't lean it
too far but yeah the comfort arrived in
this seat is perfect it's so soft it's
really soft it's all about memory foam
but it springs back a bit quicker
you know when I'm riding because it
always bent over the bike over the tank
and looking Oh
neck and your shoulders the next day oh
my god
thank so much I'm not gonna lie but yeah
um speed goes about 72 mile an hour
I've heard people get up 200 and 100 90
and 80 miles per hour but I can't push
it any more I've got not a lot of fuel
left oh that's you know lose a bit of
weight now I'm not heavy myself lianas
and he goes about 72 I've topped it out
about 72 and that's going on a dual
track you know yeah yeah sensitive I
know it's not bad it come to comfortably
sits about 16 and that's all along it's
a brilliant commuter going around town
also for that but yeah I wouldn't use it
on a motivator after that you know and
fuel take some legit I was alone and
think it's a 14.5 liter I'm not sure I
don't know said oh go me on that I find
fill the tank up for about 12 pounds or
10 pounds you'll take probably a full
tank and it'll give me about 250 miles
and that's pushing it so I'd say about
210 miles or so the top and that's
brilliant
so yeah - now this is any new thing on
me this year's model average speed
listen served that one that one trip
darling back type of speed you got the
trips on here as well see then then
miles fuel temperature gauge races yeah
it's in lovely - and we say I want to
get the Barclay but I kept doing this
I absolutely know it and I don't have
really any problems with the balk yeah
that's all yeah that's what but yeah
yeah the tires right these are Mitchell
in Pilot streets they are brilliant in
the wet each and the dry the reason I
said each is because it feels a bit
slippy sometimes but yeah anyway I'm
kind of gone you two I've swept to
Ryan's life or I didn't and I'll put
them in the description he said these
are okay's good tires they'll good in
the wet and the dry which is right and
but you to the 13 pilot straights he
said them through in the wet you feel
like the back school about to go out
something you know but in the gyre
brilliant so yeah me a lot these tires
so yeah again exhaust but it's so
expensive like no any exhaust for a
scorpion is about 350 quid Oh sir
and then you have to add it on your
insurance as well I got a clay me and
all that I just don't have the money to
do that I would love I would love Oh God
the orangey crushed protectors
and a bit of problem of them he said
they will fit the air the 14 model it
didn't at all so I had to cut it
actually cut one of the bars and
attached it to somewhere else but yeah
it's a tidy but either pretty solid it
mounts onto the engine and that but yeah
would like to get a town sorry for it
yeah overall great bike broke meter yeah
thanks for watching guys I'll speak to
you soon